Dear, 

I am writing to you today to raise a complaint about Maciej, who I believe has been unfairly biased against me and has given me a low performance zone as a result.

Since joining the engineering team in July 2022, I have been met with nothing but support and encouragement from my colleagues. I have always felt valued and included within the team, and I am grateful for this.

However, I believe that Maciej has shown a clear bias against me by belittling and not supporting me. Despite being a values-led firm, I feel as though Maciej has not treated me fairly, and his actions have left me feeling excluded and insecure.

In particular, I would like to draw your attention to an incident on the 20th of September 2022 when I had a 121 call with Maciej. During this call, I asked about working on real-life projects and if there was anything in the pipeline that I could work on. Instead of responding constructively, Maciej yelled at me and made me feel very uncomfortable. Since then, I worked on mending the professional relationship, tried to initiatiate conversations, took a proactive approach on my work and apprenticeship.

As a result of this incident, I felt very upset and frightened speaking to him in a 121 setting. I gathered the courage to speak to my PM, Capability Lead, and CI/CD Squad Lead and other colleagues, who all confirmed that I had done nothing wrong and that Maciej had acted inappropriately.

Furthermore, I believe that Maciej's bias against me has affected my performance rating, as I have been given a low performance zone despite having received positive feedback from my colleagues. He never provided me any verbal or written feedback and hasn't given me a reason as to why he thinks I'm a low performer.

Since receiving a PZ3 after my first year under different managers, I have improved my technical skills, built a strong support network, and gained a few professional qualifications. I am currently finishing my DevOps apprenticeship with highly-rated training provider - Corndel. It is worth noting that I haven't seen an exemplerary leadership from Maciej or any clear indication of DevOps culture from his side.

I would like to request that this matter is taken seriously and that a formal investigation is carried out. I believe that Maciej's actions have been unfair and discriminatory. His position as a C grade shouldn't grant him the ultimate power to define my career. My colleagues' reviews must be taken into account too. After enduring some difficult months under his leadership, I decided to speak up and hold him accountable for his negligent behaviour and bias towards me.

Thank you for your time and attention to this matter.

Kind Regards,

Francesco Wang